Implement SQLite backups with the ``.backup`` command (#592)
Archmonger/django-dbbackup: docs/databases.rst

In-memory database aren't dumpable with it.

SqliteBackupConnector
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The :class:`dbbackup.db.sqlite.SqliteBackupConnector` makes a copy of the SQLite database file using the ``.backup`` command, which is safe to execute with active connections to the database. It supports dumping in-memory databases by construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`dbbackup.db.sqlite.SqliteBackupConnector` makes a copy of the SQLite database file using the ``.backup`` command, which is safe to execute while the database has ongoing/active connections. Additionally, it supports dumping in-memory databases by construction.
```
